content/Audacity.md, before:

---
title: "Audacity"
version: "2.3.3"
maker: "Audacity"
cover: "/images/audacity.png"
logo: "/logos/audacity.png"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "audacity"
price: "Free"
os:
  - Windows
  - macOS
  - Linux
useCase:
  - Recording
genre: "Any genre"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/LQ7n9pA0qc0"
website: "https://www.audacityteam.org/"
pros:
  - Free tool for recording audio
cons:
  - Not really useful for music production
plugin:
  - VST
interface:
  - Core Audio
  - WDM
---

# Industry standard DAW running on DSP cards for greater power and stability

## Mendaci pinu ipsi nunc

Lorem markdownum supplex. Care ferre nos praemia detestatur oderit vitatumque,
tardius pello ostentare; dixit. [Agit](http://accessit.net/) super, cum, qua
quae pinxit certamine occulte causa: est est non. Dubita fictumque imagine.

Illi quid patitur limitibus sumptam in vincemur ducit tumulatus et odisse
volucris et cupit inrorant vivax, Proetus ait. Nec induit mortalia olim ortus
foedera [praecipitem](http://www.pontumferae.io/protinuset.html) amans et iter
[est](http://casuquefuit.io/murmurevestrum.aspx) huc virginitate spernimus
Oenopiis longi ore paretur? Sede ore quaedam dumque. Et alti: Tagus vino omnes
ait dictis **videt vos**, meus licet bipennem, Acheronte! Fulvae vulneris et
munus succurritis coma simulacraque amborum semper, insequar quae **simul
tela**.

Commit message:

- updated dependencies and changed license to MIT - updated README.md - finished content for Ableton and Audacity - improved regex for gatbsy-image - updated About.jsx - fixed DAWTable background transparent on mobile scroll - added LinkedIn to UserLinks.jsx - removed unused b16-tomorrow-dark styles

content/Audacity.md, after:

---
title: "Audacity"
version: "2.3.3"
maker: "Audacity"
cover: "/images/audacity.png"
logo: "/logos/audacity.png"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "audacity"
price: "Free"
os:
  - Windows
  - macOS
  - Linux
useCase:
  - Recording
  - Editing
genre: "Any genre"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/LQ7n9pA0qc0"
website: "https://www.audacityteam.org/"
pros:
  - Free tool mainly for recording audio
  - Available for all major operating systems
  - Open-source
cons:
  - Not a full-blown DAW for music production
  - User interface takes some time to get used to
plugin:
  - VST
interface:
  - Core Audio
  - WDM
---

## Get your feet wet with Audacity

With this light-weight audio software, you can benefit from fast and
intuitive audio editing, recording and even effect plugin support.

Audacity provides you with a lot of functionality and excellent sound quality which supports 16, 24 and 32-bit sample rates and formats are converted with high-quality resampling and dithering.

### Open-source and free by default

One of the upsides of Audacity is the chance to contribute to the project yourself due to its open-source nature and you can check in on the progress of the development yourself whenever you want on [Github](https://github.com/audacity/audacity) or even request features yourself. With around ~100 contributors you can be sure that development will be going continously fast and steady.

### Great for various use cases

As long time contender in the audio software business since its initial release in 2000, it is especially popular amongst users who need a reliant tool for voice-overs on podcasts, narrations for videos, journalism and more. Audacity is geared towards novice users which are specialized in other areas than audio and just need to get a task done quick.

#### Notice

Be aware that editing changes of a `.wav` file will result in changing the original file, so make sure to work on a copy before hacking away.
