content/Bitwig-Studio.md, before:

---
title: "Bitwig Studio"
version: "3.2"
maker: "Bitwig"
cover: "/images/bitwig-studio.png"
logo: "/logos/bitwig-studio.png"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "bitwig"
price: "$410"
os:
  - Windows
  - macOS
  - Linux
useCase:
  - Songwriting
  - Recording
  - Mixing
  - Editing
genre: "Any genre"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Nfv5Lvi9w-w"
website: "https://www.bitwig.com/en/home.html"
pros:
  - a
  - b
cons:
  - c
plugin:
  - VST
interface:
  - ASIO
  - Core Audio
---

# Industry standard DAW running on DSP cards for greater power and stability

## Mendaci pinu ipsi nunc

Lorem markdownum supplex. Care ferre nos praemia detestatur oderit vitatumque,
tardius pello ostentare; dixit. [Agit](http://accessit.net/) super, cum, qua
quae pinxit certamine occulte causa: est est non. Dubita fictumque imagine.

Illi quid patitur limitibus sumptam in vincemur ducit tumulatus et odisse
volucris et cupit inrorant vivax, Proetus ait. Nec induit mortalia olim ortus
foedera [praecipitem](http://www.pontumferae.io/protinuset.html) amans et iter
[est](http://casuquefuit.io/murmurevestrum.aspx) huc virginitate spernimus
Oenopiis longi ore paretur? Sede ore quaedam dumque. Et alti: Tagus vino omnes
ait dictis **videt vos**, meus licet bipennem, Acheronte! Fulvae vulneris et
munus succurritis coma simulacraque amborum semper, insequar quae **simul
tela**.

Commit message:

- updated dependencies and changed license to MIT - updated README.md - finished content for Ableton and Audacity - improved regex for gatbsy-image - updated About.jsx - fixed DAWTable background transparent on mobile scroll - added LinkedIn to UserLinks.jsx - removed unused b16-tomorrow-dark styles

content/Bitwig-Studio.md, after:

---
title: "Bitwig Studio"
version: "3.2"
maker: "Bitwig"
cover: "/images/bitwig-studio.png"
logo: "/logos/bitwig-studio.png"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "bitwig"
price: "$399"
os:
  - Windows
  - macOS
  - Linux
useCase:
  - Songwriting
  - Recording
  - Mixing
  - Editing
genre: "Any genre"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Nfv5Lvi9w-w"
website: "https://www.bitwig.com/en/home.html"
pros:
  - Modular sound design lets you tweak sounds with maximum flexibility
  - Touch integration with gesture identification
cons:
  - Cannot change bpm mid-project
plugin:
  - VST
interface:
  - ASIO
  - Core Audio
---

## Super-fast workflow for all your needs

Create world-class sound with great control over every aspect of your production.

The colorful and appealing interface
Similar to Ableton Live, Bitwig Studio's main use case is to be used for live performances.

With over 10GB of sound content that comes prepacked with Bitwig Studio, you can experiment and tweak endlessly.

## Enjoy fully-modular sound design

With its newest version 3, Bitwig Studio introduced an open modular environment where you can add a "Grid" device to your project that lets you patch anything anywhere.
