content/Cakewalk.md, before:

---
title: "Cakewalk"
version: "2020"
maker: "BandLab"
cover: "/images/cakewalk.png"
logo: "/logos/cakewalk.jpeg"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "cakewalk"
price: "Free"
os:
  - Windows
useCase:
  - Songwriting
  - Recording
  - Mixing
  - Editing
genre: "Any genre"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/8PVxIqeDZ7U"
website: "https://www.cakewalk.com/products/SONAR/"
pros:
  - a
  - b
cons:
  - c
plugin:
  - VST
  - DX
interface:
  - ASIO
  - WDM
---

# Industry standard DAW running on DSP cards for greater power and stability

## Mendaci pinu ipsi nunc

Lorem markdownum supplex. Care ferre nos praemia detestatur oderit vitatumque,
tardius pello ostentare; dixit. [Agit](http://accessit.net/) super, cum, qua
quae pinxit certamine occulte causa: est est non. Dubita fictumque imagine.

Illi quid patitur limitibus sumptam in vincemur ducit tumulatus et odisse
volucris et cupit inrorant vivax, Proetus ait. Nec induit mortalia olim ortus
foedera [praecipitem](http://www.pontumferae.io/protinuset.html) amans et iter
[est](http://casuquefuit.io/murmurevestrum.aspx) huc virginitate spernimus
Oenopiis longi ore paretur? Sede ore quaedam dumque. Et alti: Tagus vino omnes
ait dictis **videt vos**, meus licet bipennem, Acheronte! Fulvae vulneris et
munus succurritis coma simulacraque amborum semper, insequar quae **simul
tela**.

Commit message:

Updates to various DAW articles

content/Cakewalk.md, after:

---
title: "Cakewalk"
version: "2020"
maker: "BandLab"
cover: "/images/cakewalk.png"
logo: "/logos/cakewalk.jpeg"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "cakewalk"
price: "Free"
os:
  - Windows
useCase:
  - Songwriting
  - Recording
  - Mixing
  - Editing
genre: "Any genre"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/8PVxIqeDZ7U"
website: "https://www.cakewalk.com/products/SONAR/"
pros:
  - Great plugins
  - Compatible with touchscreens
  - Frequent updates
cons:
  - Change of ownership
  - Windows only
plugin:
  - VST
  - DX
interface:
  - ASIO
  - WDM
---

## Cakewalk is back

After BandLab Technologies acquired the intellectual property of SONAR's Cakewalk Inc. in 2018, they relaunched Cakewalk as free-to-download and continued development and adding features. Amazing things do happen!

### Precision audio technology

Never worry about audio quality again: Cakewalk offers you clean, dynamic and accurate mixes through its advanced 64-bit mix engine and provides you with the highest quality audio possible with resampling plugins. With excellent built-in mastering tools, you can polish your finished mix and directly export and publish it to various channels including SoundCloud, YouTube and many more.

### Awarded as best classroom technlogy

With its target group not only being electronic music producers, BandLab for Education branches out and empowers students and teachers with a cloud-based platform that works seamlessly across platforms. Marketed also as social music creation platform, BandLab is even available for iOS and Android and therefore delivers a solid product for very different user needs.
