content/FL-Studio.md, before:

---
title: "FL Studio"
version: "20.7"
maker: "Image-Line"
cover: "/images/flstudio.jpg"
logo: "/logos/flstudio.jpg"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "fl-studio"
price: "$200"
os:
  - Windows
  - macOS
useCase:
  - Songwriting
  - Mixing
  - Editing
genre: "EDM"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/AuqqiuaLYJA"
website: "https://www.image-line.com/flstudio/"
pros:
  - Popular amongst beginners
  - Lifetime free upgrades
  - Easy to use
cons:
  - Basic mixer interface
  - Lacks recording features
  - Inferior stock plugins
plugin:
  - VST
interface:
  - ASIO
---

## More than 20 years of innovative sound

FL Studio is one of the first choices for many EDM bedroom producers and gained popularity amongst big scene names like Martin Garrix, Oliver Heldens and many more. Due to its high amount of users, you will find that collaborating with other producers is a breeze.

## Fast workflow and unbeatable ease of use

One of FL Studio's biggest USPs is definitely the "best piano roll in the business". With a wide variety of editing tools for efficient sequencing, it will surprise you and boost your production speed by a lot. Armed with a handy sidebar, you can quickly drag and drop samples into the project to your needs.

## Extend your music production possibilities with FL Studio Mobile

Whenever you are on the go and a creativity spike hits you, FL Studio Mobile enables you work with high quality synthesizers and samples or even capture live performances.

### Currently, you can get FL Studio 20 in four different versions

- Fruity Edition (\$100)
- Producer Edition (\$200)
- Signature Bundle (\$320)
- ALL Plugins Bundle (\$900)

Commit message:

- bumped version in package.json to 1.0.0! - updated dependencies - cleaned up unused scripts - added redirects from *.netlify.app to dawcomparison.com - proof-read and updated DAW content - fixed website breaking on safari due to do not track - added content for what is daw page - added LICENSE file

content/FL-Studio.md, after:

---
title: "FL Studio"
version: "20.7"
maker: "Image-Line"
cover: "/images/flstudio.jpg"
logo: "/logos/flstudio.jpg"
date: "2020-05-05"
slug: "fl-studio"
price: "$200"
os:
  - Windows
  - macOS
useCase:
  - Songwriting
  - Mixing
  - Editing
genre: "EDM"
video: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/AuqqiuaLYJA"
website: "https://www.image-line.com/flstudio/"
pros:
  - Popular amongst beginners
  - Lifetime free upgrades
  - Easy to use
cons:
  - Basic mixer interface
  - Lacks recording features
  - Inferior stock plugins
plugin:
  - VST
interface:
  - ASIO
---

## More than 20 years of innovative sound

FL Studio is one of the first choices for many EDM bedroom producers and gained popularity because of its usage and promotion from big scene names like Martin Garrix, Oliver Heldens and many more. Due to its high amount of users, you will find that collaborating with other producers is a breeze.

### Fast workflow and unbeatable ease of use

One of FL Studio's biggest USPs is definitely the "best piano roll in the business". With a wide variety of editing tools for efficient sequencing, it will boost your music production speed greatly. Armed with a handy sidebar, you can quickly drag and drop samples into the project to your needs.

### Extend your music production possibilities with FL Studio Mobile

Whenever you are on the go and a creativity spike hits you, [FL Studio Mobile](https://www.image-line.com/flstudiomobile/) enables you to work with high quality synthesizers and samples or even capture live performances.

### Currently, you can get FL Studio 20 in four different versions

- Fruity Edition (\$100)
- Producer Edition (\$200)
- Signature Bundle (\$320)
- ALL Plugins Bundle (\$900)
